<pre>	Hi there! I realize it's been a while since I wrote my last note for this "notebook" of mine, and there is some reason behind that. Since the last time that I added a note, there have been a few rather big changes happen in my life. One of the changes I imagine a large portion of the people who know me are already aware of, but the other change is probably a lot less known.</pre>

<br><br>

<pre>	One of the major changes in my life involves my job. After graduating from IU in the spring of May 2021, I started working full time hours in a part time position at the Gap Factory store in my nearby outlet mall. I was working 40 hours a week, give or take an hour or two occasionally. Towards the end of October in 2021, I was given a promotion to become a part-time lead for the store, which made me a part of the management team. I worked in this position until fairly recently when another opportunity was provided to me. 
	At the beginning of August, the principal of the high school that I attended reached out to me about an upcoming opening for one of the math teacher positions. At the time, I was also interviewing for a position as a junior developer for a tech company in Indianapolis. I was intrigued with the potential teaching position as I had really enjoyed my time as an Undergraduate Instructor for a computers class at IU and was very successful in math in high school. After a few weeks figuring things out, both on my side and the school's, I was hired as the new math teacher at Southwestern High School! 
	This change in job was a little scary at first as I don't always do well with change, but I am really enjoying the job. I get to teach finite, geometry, precalculus, and eventually calculus to high school students at the same school that I went to, and even do so in the same room that I took most of my math classes in. There is a lot to love about the teaching position, including the schedule, my coworkers, the interactions with the students, and being able to make a positive impact in the lives of others. The support that I have received from friends and family about this new endeavor in my life has been extremely encouraging and helps motivate me to do the best job possible to teach my students.</pre>

<br><br>

<pre>	The other change in my life is a bit more personal. This summer, a girl came into my life through work and I am so incredibly glad that she did. I first met this girl when I helped do her paperwork to hire her. I remember I was wearing one of my short sleeve button up shirts and some 7-inch shorts which I was very self-conscious about when I was sitting down beside her. I ended up being in charge of assigning her a locker, and it just so happened to be the one that was directly below mine. Over the course of working together we got to know each other a little better, but things didn't really take off until she left me a note saying that she had some time available to play tennis together. We ended up finding a time to play together and haven't looked back since. 
	This girl's name is Caroline and I am so thankful that she came into my life. As soon as she did, things started to get better and fall into place. Before her arrival, I had been feeling down about myself and dealing with more negative thinking than I would have liked. As soon as she appeared though, I got the opportunity to teach and find some much needed stability in my life. She has brought so much happiness to me in such a short amount of time it's unbelievable. She is so kind and caring, always listening to my problems or worries and gives me great advice for whatever challenges I am facing. She is one of the sweetest people I have met and is so supportive. She loves animals and being outside in nature. She notices such small things that everyone else would miss and stops to admire them. Although it might be hidden at first glance, she has a competitive side to her that makes things fun too. She doesn't like to lose and won't turn down a bet. She is so hardworking that I have to occasionally try and make her take a second to just sit and relax. She is extremely crafty and has made me such personal and meaningful gifts. And of course she is unbelievably cute too. I often can't help but stare at her to try and take it all in. I am so lucky that she agreed to be my girlfriend, and I hope that I am able to show her how special she is to me and treat her how she deserves to be treated. </pre>

<pre>	Both of these changes in my life came about very unexpectedly, but I couldn't be more grateful that they did. They have brought about a lot of positivity and happiness to me, and I am excited for the future thanks to them both.